hover bike
armored cybertruck
jet-black drone taxi
military exo-tank
flying cargo freighter
electric gang cruiser
corporate limo with cloaking
autonomous delivery bot
modded race bike
retrofitted riot van
neon police interceptor
bio-fueled street racer
anti-grav glider
underground rail sled
AI-guided convoy truck
cyber-scooter
stealth reconnaissance flyer
plasma-boosted chopper
mag-lev city tram
dust-cloaked dune crawler
cybernetic animal transport
robo-taxi with custom AI
modular war drone
urban patrol skimmer
surveillance hoverdrone
zero-emission rebel bike
flame-armored tanker
hover-rig with open chassis
converted med-evac vehicle
utility spiderbot carrier